Update Widget Share URLs docs (#37473)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/configuration/_index.md

Copy and paste functionality is a key sharing and collaboration feature that allows you to reuse widgets across different Datadog contexts and external tools.

> <div class="alert alert-info">To copy widgets with <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>/<kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd>, an admin must set <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/public-sharing/settings"><strong>Widget Share URLs</strong></a> to Public or Private in your Organization Settings. Admins can disable this setting to stop users from generating widget share links and previews.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">To share widgets outside of Datadog with link previews, an admin must set <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/public-sharing/settings"><strong>Widget Share URLs</strong></a> to Public or Private in your Organization Settings. Admins can disable this setting to stop users from generating widget share links and previews.</div>
```
